hi all good people came today to talk about that
The book is a little long since I do not
I speak of a book for you, right?
so my tip today I found it well
legal here the national motora the system
crazy for you here is the book cover
I found cover so beautiful people you
bought you will see it looks like it has
an effect of the instagram is very legal
that enchanted me in this book was a
quick description of what happened on the site
when I bought it is as well to
this book contains high doses of
romance situations hilarious boys
sexy in a gay friend best friend
wonderful of all time
I thought 'It must be a comedy, right?
when I bought I already started to read
I read people in five hours.
swear to you I read in five hours
even because he is not so thick and she
tells the story of the junior adile she
has two big dreams
one of them is to sing professionally
so much so that in her childhood she always
did several singing lessons in various classes
dance because the really great sound
of her other dream is to win a
dna
dn is a wonderful gorgeous face of
grew up with her and that is the
love of her life so here the
book title is crazy about you jolie
When she was very young, she lost
parents while she ended up being raised
by daniel's parents
what made her come closer is what she did
I have not gotten closer yet.
so lets think I have not since the 14
she is completely in love with
he
only he always see her as a sister
she was tired of this not knowing what
do
the drawing he had a boat that
Call up to 10
Directran worked with him too.
in this neighborhood he never never never
let her sing she was very
riled up
That's it, but he did not face Jorge either.
with a gay friend of hers who by the way is the
My favorite character from the book was alive.
saying that she had to take a
attitude and she never take that kind of
attitude
until one day Daniel was traveling with
another partner and they were alone
no bar
the lead singer of the band who already played ftd
after dark
he just disappeared to make a
initiatory journey at last
and then an opportunity for her to sing already
that dn was not around did not have
danger, right?
She talked to a father and she went to ask
pro rap who is one of the partners of what is a
of bar members
she was asking to sing rap not
I wanted to leave so he was with
fear of becoming a beast but it already existed
so the roriz preferred to let the singing
in the end she only won what she needed
of a little help she was always there
ocauçu yoga tied hair without
makeup and to rock that night
was in need of help to anyone who
she helped him george logico jorge e
also her other friend who postponed that
the sea is one of the best friends she
also beyond Jorge
So just call a diva come to
night she was going to sing and brought
so incredible things leaving her
Wonderful wonderful is not blonde is the
character of the book is blonde
very beautiful and completely left
powerful
so she sang along with the band and
this starts to open the window open is a
vision, she was able to see how
I felt happy doing it and then a
talk to Jorge, she decides to go
to leave aside is not the feeling that
I have why she thinks it's impossible.
she's crazy because he does not want to but she goes
let it all go if everything relaxes
What's the matter with the table?
appreciate
so there begins to happen several
braking jorge July and jo start
make a fake boyfriend plan
it's worth others there anyway it starts to
have several funny situations
situations that are also passionate about
to julie how much with danny boy but me
I have to say that Jorge is a
favorite character because he is a friend
loyal a fun friend
People, he only talks silly, you just rich.
with today's high
So he's a character for me.
Favorite the end is also very cool
I think it's over with cristina, I do not
I can speak of not of the choice is that
It's boring, but finally along the way.
history you go seeing be it goes
even if you get dengue or not if it goes
stay with someone else
although other situations will happen
Funny sure happen but only
reading the book so you know I can
say that the book is so enthralling
very nice to read is a very read
dynamic and so can not read a
day only
This person does not have time
Have a day always reading for sure.
get it because it's a really cool book
Good people, this rich family today.
I hope you liked the book
It's very cool, very exciting.
I will not even one day lower if you
I like to start helping me if
sign up for the channel because soon we
we will have much more news is good
then a super kiss until the next
shannon's visit